1.How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced ?
Ans.The diff command compares the content of two files and shows only the difference between two. Thus rather than
searching the whole file for the bug, diff makes it easier to see recent changes and locate the bug.

2.How could having access to the entire history of a file make you an efficient programmer in the long term?
Ans.Having access to the entire history of a file helps us to quickly retrive an older version for checking bugs
and thus saving time.

3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in git, vs having
versions saved automatically, like Google Docs does?
Ans.Manual saving vs automatic saving
pros:We can make commits whenever there is a logical change rather than versions being saved automatically
even when it is not needed.
cons:We might forget to make a commit when it is necessary though automatic saving ease us with the task.

4.Why do you think some version control systems like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
like Google Docs treat each file separately?
Ans.Changing a file might sometimes reflect changes in other files in a project, so Git keeps a version of all
files in the project for that particular commit. But in Google Docs all files are independent to each other where a
change in one doc does not affect others, so Google Docs treats each file separately.

5.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Ans.git log shows list of all commits made along with their details such as commit id and author in reverse order with most
recent first and git diff can be used to compare two commits using their commit id to see all changes.

6.How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Ans.With version control it is easier to switch to an old version and review changes in case anything goes wrong.
Thus version control makes it safer to do things with confident.

7.Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using git for?
Ans.I want to use git for my upcoming projects.